# Trivia-Game-with-vanilla-javascript-and-PHP
Trivia Game written in vanilla (pure) javascript, Ajax and PHP

A Trivia Game that is written in vanilla (pure)Javascript that DOES NOT use a library like jQuery. It pulls in questions and answers using Ajax and PHP (server side language). I am basically wrapping up developing the heart of this game and once I am finished with that, I will be adding addition features to the game. Some of the features include the ability to select categories, number of questions per game and the difficulty level of the the game. I also want to add the ability to add qeustions/answers to the database table via the user's web browser, so everyone can add his/her own questions. There will be the ability to edit the questions and answers as well. 

Well, I'm finally adding a few new features where one can add, update (Just got that working), and delete (I'm not sure if I'm going to add delete). I will be adding a login / registratin system, so that not everyone can just add and/or update questions, for that wouldn't create a mess of the database table. This game is finally starting to come around where it's starting to take have a professional feel to it. It still has a long way to go, for I want to make the graphics, gameplay and add additional gameplay features to the game itself. However, right now I'm concentrating where new and updating questions, so that adding new features to the game itself will be easily and hopefully add more zip to the game.

I know this might sound strange, but I'm glad that I converted over to straight javascript for it makes me write tighter code (hopefully) and I understand javascript a little bit better. Though I have a ways to go to become really good at it. Feel free to use all or part of this repository, but the only thing I ask is give me some acknowledgement some in your code if you do. 

I also hope to write a tutorial on how to develop this game and post the tutorial on my main website: https://www.pepster.com.  
